Song Mingyu will not react for no reason
Road
There he is.
Run! Keep running!
Ah!
Help Me
I'll bring you what you like.
Six or seven big men bully one person
Do you want to refuel?
Who the hell?
You dare to take care of the Chen family's affairs
It's all right.
Young master
3 years ago, the second uncle bought a homicide
If it weren't for your appearance, I would have
Wait until I find you
I will definitely spoil you to heaven
enter
live
Found the girl you were looking for
Found out where he is
What's his name?
His name is Ye Linghan
She is the daughter-in-law of the Gu family in Haicheng, Qinzhou
Qinzhou Haicheng
Isn't that the base camp where the black gold group moved in three years ago?
Yes, the Black Gold Group is holding a Fengxi banquet tomorrow night
The invitation letter to the Chen family has been delivered
Presumably the Gu family was also invited
It will be longer if hundreds of millions are transferred.
Shen Zhuo, you are going to attend the Fengxi banquet
This Wu Ke reserve
After all, the Black Gold Group is one of the leading body consortia at home and abroad
But this girl you've been looking for for three years
She is already someone else's wife
It doesn't matter if he is not happy
I'll take it back, understand
The three-year period has come
Tonight is a day dedicated to the hour
What are you doing?